Update README.md to clarify that vscode-codeql also installs 'Test Adapter Converter' and 'Test Explorer UI' (#1831)
github/vscode-codeql: README.md

This project will track new feature development in CodeQL and, whenever appropriate, bring that functionality to the Visual Studio Code experience.

## Dependencies

> vscode-codeql installs the following two extensions: 
> - [Test Adapter Converter](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.test-adapter-converter)
> - [Test Explorer UI](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=hbenl.vscode-test-explorer)
> 
> They are dependencies and are required for proper functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension depends on the following two extensions for required functionality. They will be installed automatically when you install VS Code CodeQL.

- [Test Adapter Converter](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.test-adapter-converter)
- [Test Explorer UI](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=hbenl.vscode-test-explorer)
```
